their gait and the rough and ganders
stumbled at the start throwing jockey
Mike Smith Mike Smith gets up he's a bit
shaken up but apparently not seriously
injured they move bias down for the
first time and here comes a breeze up
and after the lead a breeze from his
outside post is racing for the lead
snake Mountain is now back running in
second Oh grand Papa is racing third and
then it's unshaded down toward the
inside fourth gander the riderless horse
a bit problematic there for evening
attire as well as baseball champion
farther back in the field dollar bill is
down toward the inside of grundle foot
and the trailer is country big old the
opening quarter was a solid one of 23
and 4/5 seconds it's a breeze on top
clear by two and a half lengths gander
is outside of snake Mountain and it's
another two to half links back to el
gran Papa running along and forth the
break of another five back to evening
attire followed by a baseball champion
unshaded down on the inside on shaded in
baseball champion owl about 12 lengths
from the leader and then it's dollar
bill is followed by grundle foot and
country the gold treading the field the
field is moving for the far turn a
breeze has been in front through a half
and 47 and for three quarters and 11 and
2 and still the controlling speed around
the far turn
it's another five lights back to el gran
Papa now running in second evening
attire is rallying as they round the
fire turn then down toward the inside
snake Mountain is dropping back into
fourth dollar bill is commencing Israeli
but he's still about ten links from the
lead it's been a breeze he's been on an
uncontested lead the whole way a breeze
the leaders they come down to the
stretch gander could be a bit of a worry
for him it's five links back to evening
attire it's another six links back to
dollar bill there in the last for long a
breeze is in front under the whip
evening at tires trying to get to him
it's a breezin evening attire it's down
to those two dollar bill as well behind
in third and they're coming down to the
finish
and it's evening attire and the final
straw it's to win it to win it by length
over a breeze
five Mike's back to dollar bill